---
title: Course Policies 
weight: 3
---

## Academic Integrity

**Individual products** of your learning in this class (design documents, code, reflections) or **individual contributions to collaborative work** (e.g., team project) **must be entirely done by you**. You cannot submit as yours something done by others, obtained from external sources, or generated by GPT tools. 

**Required individual work** does not allow collaboration that results in work products or parts of work produccts you appropriate as yours. 

**Required collaborative work** has clear instrucionts regarding the nature of collaboration: how collaboration is manageed and what each team member contributes to the team work and how. Evaluation of collaborative work is based on each team member **individual contribution to the collaborative work**. Team members are required to properly and accurately indicate authorship for their own contributions. 

Collaboration is allowed for ungraded work and naming all collaborators is required. 

Whether done individually or in collaboration, **submitted coursework must ALWAYS give clear attribution to the source(s)** from which you obtained content you integrated in your work. 
To give proper attribution: 
- Cite the content that originates or has been modified and integrated in your work.
- Reference the source(s) you used, whether articles, forum or blog posts, public GitHub repos, tutorial videos, or individual help.
- Give credit to individuals who have helped you, whether peers, tutors, lab/tech assistants, course instructor, or any other person (friend, relative, etc.)

**Do not work on behalf of someone else** and **do not provide your work products to others**. If you do, you commit an act of academic integrity misconduct. There is no way to know whether those who get your work products intend to submit them as theirs. Equally important, this is NOT how you help someone learn. 

There are very serious repercussions if you deviate from the course and univeristy academic integrity policy. The penalty for any occurrence of academic misconduct is **no credit for the graded work** in question. If the academic integrity misconduct is repeated, the course instructor will file an official report to the Office of Community Standards. 

Bottom line, **do not cheat, plagiarize, or faciliate academic dishonesty**. It is very important that you review the University's [Academic Integrity policy](https://catalog.unh.edu/srrr/university-policies-regulations/academic-integrity/).


## Attendance

Class meeting attendance is important for your learning. Attendance is taken every class. **You are responsible for attending all class meetings**. See the UNH Attendance policy at https://catalog.unh.edu/undergraduate/academic-policies-procedures/attendance/  for more information. 

If you need accommodation for a religious or cultural holiday/observance, you need to request an excuse for absence by **emailing me using the Canvas Inbox tool** as early in the semester as possible. 

If you miss a class meeting, you take the responsibility to do the following:
- **Email course instructor** using **Canvas Inbox** tool about the circumstances for missing the class either BEFORE your absence OR no later than within 3 days AFTER your absence.  
- **Contact your peers** to find out what you’ve missed.
- **Make up the absence** by doing the work assigned that week. 
By NOT taking this responsibility, your final grade will be lowered by **5%** for each missed class.

If your absence is because you are dealing with unexpected and extenuating circumstances, please see the policy on **Temporary Academic Supports for Extended Absences with Letter**. 

If your absence might cause a **late submission**, see policy on **Late Submissions** policy below.

## Credit Hour Policy

This syllabus reflects the federal definition of 1 credit hour, that is: 
> **1 credit hour** = **3 clock hours** of **engaged time** per week per 1 credit over a 15-week semester.  

This means that this course requires **9 clock hours of student academic work each week**, distributed as follows: 
- **2-hour weekly class meeting**
- **7-hour outside class** academic work each week. 

Student academic work (or engaged time) includes the following activities: 
- Attend class meetings and participate in class learning activities 
- Do weekly labs, readings, and assignments 
- Participate in collaborative learning experiences, such as working with peers on labs or the course team project 
- Participate in scheduled study groups 
- Seek and get tutoring help and other academic supports from the Library and CAE 
- Consult with and get assistance from the course instructor and classroom assistants 
- Attend one-on-one check-ins with class instructor to evaluate your progress. 

## Curtailed Operations

If the University curtails operations due to weather, we will not hold in-person class meeting for our safety and the safety of others. As soon as possible, the instructor will post an announcement on Canvas about possible remote class meeting, due dates, any make-up work. Please make sure you have access to the UNH Alert RAVE system. If needed, sign up for RAVE Alerts [here](https://www.getrave.com/login/unh). 

## Late Submissions

**No assignment** will be accepted after the deadline and a 0 grade will be entered in the Canvas Grades. 

If you are in the situation of missing a deadline, you take the responsibility to **request approval for a time extension**. This means that you MUST do the following:
- **Email course instructor** using **Canvas Inbox tool BEFORE the deadline**.
- In your email, include these TWO IMPORTANT things:
  - **Explain circumstances** that prevented you from meeting the submission deadline.
  - **Outline SPECIFIC plans** for making up the missed requirements, including the EXACT time when you’ll submit your work, **no later than FIVE days** after the submission deadline.
You will receive an email confirmation from the course instructor with the approval or denial of your request. 


If missing a deadline is because you are dealing with unexpected and extenuating circumstances, please see the policy on **Temporary Academic Supports for Extended Absences with Letter**.

## Student Accessibility Services
According to the Americans with Disabilities Act (as amended, 2008), each student with a disability has the right to request services from UNH to accommodate his/her/their disability. If you are a student with a documented disability or believe you may have a disability that requires accommodations, please contact Student Accessibility Services (SAS) located on the Manchester campus in the Student Services Suite (Office 405A). Accommodation letters are created by SAS with the student. Please follow-up with your instructor as soon as possible to ensure timely implementation of the identified accommodations in the letter. Faculty have an obligation to respond once they receive official notice of accommodations from SAS but are under no obligation to provide retroactive accommodations. For more information refer to www.unh.edu/sas or contact SAS at 603.862.2607, 711 (Relay NH) or sas.office@unh.edu.

## Temporary Academic Supports for Extended Absences with Letter
If you are dealing with an unexpected, extenuating circumstance that will keep you out of class or affect your performance for more than a day or two, reach out to **Lisa Enright Assistant Dean of Student Success**, at lisa.enright@unh.edu  to request a letter be sent to all your faculty. 
						
If you are required to miss significant class, you will be provided temporary academic support so that you can continue to make satisfactory progress in this course. Please **email me** (using Canvas Inbox email) to schedule a virtual meeting with me, if possible, to catch up on missed content. If not, email communication will help to determine the supports that work for you, such as notes from a peer or one-on-one meeting with a classroom assistant. 
